* Description:
Twofish is a symmetric key block cipher algorithm designed by Bruce Schneier, John Kelsey, Doug Whiting, David Wagner, Chris Hall, and Niels Ferguson. It operates on fixed-size blocks and supports key sizes of 128, 192, or 256 bits. Twofish uses a Feistel network structure and a combination of substitution, permutation, and key-dependent operations to provide secure encryption.

- Use Cases:
Twofish has been used in various applications and protocols, including disk encryption, virtual private networks (VPNs), and secure communication systems. It can also be employed for generating random numbers and for cryptographic operations in general-purpose programming.

- Pros:
Security: Twofish is widely regarded as a secure encryption algorithm. It has undergone extensive analysis and scrutiny by the cryptographic community and has not been found to have any significant vulnerabilities.
Flexibility: Twofish supports key sizes of 32, and 64 bits, allowing users to choose the appropriate security level based on their requirements.
Confidence: Twofish was one of the finalists of the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) competition and received significant attention and review during that time, further enhancing confidence in its security.
Block cipher: Twofish encrypts fixed-size blocks, which makes it suitable for applications that require block encryption, such as disk encryption and secure communication protocols.

- Cons:
Performance: Twofish is generally slower compared to some other symmetric key algorithms like AES. While it still offers reasonable performance, it may not be the most efficient choice for applications with strict performance requirements.
Complexity: The Twofish algorithm is relatively complex compared to some other encryption algorithms, which can make it harder to implement correctly and audit for potential vulnerabilities.
Lack of widespread adoption: Twofish has not achieved the same level of widespread adoption as AES. Some cryptographic libraries and applications may have limited support for Twofish compared to more widely used algorithms.

- Use:

int8 key[32] = { 32 random bytes }; <-- Here you'll need to insert 32 random bytes (8 bits numbers) that Twofish will use as a key. You can generate them using any random number generator.

Twofish fish(key); <-- Creating the object, here you'll need to insert the key generated above.

int8 random_number = fish.generate(0, 0xff); <-- Generating a random number.